Support SPIFFE mTLS between Traefik and Backend servers (#9394)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/https/spiffe.md

---
title: "Traefik SPIFFE Documentation"
description: "Learn how to configure Traefik to use SPIFFE. Read the technical documentation."
---

# SPIFFE

Secure the backend connection with SPIFFE.
{: .subtitle }

[SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/overview/) (Secure Production Identity Framework For Everyone), 
provides a secure identity in the form of a specially crafted X.509 certificate, 
to every workload in an environment.

> Traefik is able to connect to the Workload API to obtain its SPIFFE ID used to secure the connection with SPIFFE enabled backends.

Author: ```suggestion
Traefik is able to connect to the Workload API to obtain an x509-SVID used to secure the connection with SPIFFE enabled backends.
```

That's a nit, feel free to ignore this.
